docs: add terms of service (#8)
web3-storage/www: src/pages/docs/terms.md

All data uploaded to web3.storage is available to anyone who requests it using the correct CID. **Users should not store any private or sensitive information in an unencrypted form using web3.storage.** Deleting files from web3.storage via the site's web console or API will remove them from the file listing for a user's account, but you may be charged for at least 30 days of storage for those files. Additionally, uploaded files typically remain on our infrastructure for at minimum thirty (30) days, and nodes on the IPFS network may retain copies of the data indefinitely. **Users should not use web3.storage to store data that may need to be permanently deleted in the future.**

## Paid Accounts

### Billing

In order to begin storing files via the Services, you will need to provide us with one or more Payment Methods. "Payment Method" means a current, valid method of payment, which may involve a third party or payment processing vendor. You can increase your storage limit and add paid features to your account by signing up for a paid subscription plan (“Paid Plan”).

> You agree that you’ll pay the amounts set forth in https://web3.storage/account/payment/ for your chosen tier (“Subscription Charge”) plus any charges for additional usage beyond the storage limit of your selected tier during the previous month (“Overages”) (collectively, “Subscription Charge” and “Overages” are referred to as (the “Fees”) for each billing cycle).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You agree that you’ll pay the amounts set forth in https://web3.storage/pricing/ for your chosen tier (“Subscription Charge”) plus any charges for additional usage beyond the storage limit of your selected tier during the previous month (“Overages”) (collectively, “Subscription Charge” and “Overages” are referred to as (the “Fees”) for each billing cycle).
```

You authorize us to charge any Payment Method associated with your account in case your primary Payment Method is declined or no longer available to us for payment of Fees you owe us. You remain responsible for any uncollected Fees. If a payment is not successfully settled, due to expiration, insufficient funds, or otherwise, and you do not cancel your account, we may suspend your access to the Paid Plan until we have successfully charged a valid Payment Method. For some Payment Methods, the issuer may charge you additional fees, such as foreign transaction fees or other fees relating to the processing of your Payment Method.

### Cancellation

You can cancel your Paid Plan at any time, and you will be able to upload new Data to web3.storage through the end of your billing period. Payments are nonrefundable and there are no refunds or credits for partially used membership periods. After cancellation, data uploaded via a Paid Plan may not be available through our hosted IPFS infrastructure after the end of your billing period.

### Plan Adjustments

> You may change your chosen tier at any point. You will be charged for the tier you’re subscribed to at the time of billing (plus any Overages for stored content over that tier’s limit). By selecting your tier, you consent to the limits associated with your chosen tier (as set forth in https://web3.storage/account/payment/); you also consent to the Overages described in this Agreement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may change your chosen tier at any point. You will be charged for the tier you’re subscribed to at the time of billing (plus any Overages for stored content over that tier’s limit). By selecting your tier, you consent to the limits associated with your chosen tier (as set forth in https://web3.storage/pricing/); you also consent to the Overages described in this Agreement.
```

### Changes

We reserve the right to change our Paid Plans or adjust pricing for our service or any components thereof in any manner and at any time, in our sole discretion and without notice. If we adjust the pricing of your Paid Plan, we will provide you with at least fourteen (14) days’ notice before these changes take effect. By continuing to use the Services, you agree to terms of this Agreement (including any updated terms).

### Taxes

The Fees do not include any taxes, levies, duties, or similar governmental assessments, including value-added, sales, use, or withholding taxes assessable by any domestic or foreign jurisdiction (“Taxes”). You agree that you’re responsible for any applicable Taxes, and that you will provide us with any applicable tax identification information that we may require by law to ensure our compliance with applicable tax regulations and authorities in applicable jurisdictions.

### Overages

> You agree to pay the following Overages fees for storage amounts exceeding your selected tier (for more information on tiers, see https://web3.storage/account/payment/). Overages will be billed to you at the beginning of your next billing cycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You agree to pay the following Overages fees for storage amounts exceeding your selected tier (for more information on tiers, see https://web3.storage/pricing/). Overages will be billed to you at the beginning of your next billing cycle.
```
